= MobGPSD

Turns your smartphone in a gpsd device (think wardriving).

Start an ad-hoc network with your laptop and your phone while sniffing,
and get the GPS info from it. Yes, it's ugly, but works when you got an
internal wifi unused and no usb GPS. Oh, and way more fun than buying one!


== Install

  gem install mobgpsd


== Use

  mobgpsd [port]

Port defaults to 4000, browse it with your device and have fun!


== GPSD

  gpsd -N -G /dev/pts/x

Need to finish the gpsd autostart, use that in the while.
It shows which pts it's binded when you run mobgpsd.


== MongoDB 2D Optional

  mobgpsd store

If you have MongoDB up and running, record you log there starting mobgpsd
with "store". It'll write on a named collection "mobgpsd" by default.
You need both "mongo" and "mongo_ext" gems for this.


== Thanks

The idea (and javascript code):
http://spench.net/drupal/software/iphone-gps

I wrote this because the python code didn't worked for me.
And mostly because rewriting things in Ruby is fun.

PTY Queue (guys at #ruby-lang):
http://github.com/manveru/ver


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Marcos Piccinini. See LICENSE for details.
